The Sentential Decision Diagram Package
sdd version 2.0, January 8, 2018
http://reasoning.cs.ucla.edu/sdd

The SDD Package is a system for constructing, manipulating and
optimizing Sentential Decision Diagrams (SDDs).

Source code is provided for the SDD library, and separately, for the
FNF-to-SDD compiler for compiling CNFs and DNFs to SDD.  Dynamic
vtree search is implemented in the SDD library.  All source code
provided is in the C programming language (and in particular, C99).
License terms are provided in the file described below.

FILES

  bin/       This directory contains pre-compiled binaries for the 
             FNF-to-SDD compiler.
  build/     This directory contains the release build
             (run "make")
  cnf/       This directory includes some sample .cnf files.
  debug/     This directory contains the debug build
             (run "make debug")
  doc/       This directory includes the Advanced-User manual and 
             Beginning-User manual.
  examples/  This directory includes a selection of example CNFs,
             which can be compiled using the FNF-to-SDD compiler,
             using default options.
  include/   This directory includes header files for the compiler 
             and for the SDD API.
  lib/       This directory includes the SDD library.
  src/       This directory includes the source for the FNF-to-SDD
             compiler.
  CHANGELOG  This file contains a log of changes over different 
             versions of the SDD Package.
  LICENSE    This file includes the license for the SDD Package.
  Makefile   This is the Makefile used for compiling the FNF-to-SDD
             compiler.
  README     This file.

COMPILATION

A simple Makefile is provided for compiling the FNF-to-SDD compiler,
which can be compiled by simply running the "make" command.  A debug
build can be compiled by running the "make debug" command.  The
compiled files can be found in the "build" and "debug" directories,
respectively.

NOTES

The FNF-to-SDD compiler and dynamic vtree search algorithm were
originally based on those reported in the paper:

  "Dynamic Minimization of Sentential Decision Diagrams"
  by Arthur Choi and Adnan Darwiche
  In Proceedings of the 27th Conference on Artificial Intelligence, 2013. 
  http://reasoning.cs.ucla.edu/fetch.php?id=128&type=pdf

The dynamic vtree search algorithm included in this distribution is an
updated version of the one described in the above paper.  Hence, the
results may differ (usually only slightly) from those reported in the
paper above.

FNF stands for Flat Negation Normal Form, which includes CNF and DNF.
The FNF-to-SDD compiler supports the compilation of CNFs and DNFs into
SDD.

To compile one of the included example CNFs into an SDD, we can use
one of the pre-compiled binaries, and execute the following on the
command line:

  bin/sdd-linux -c cnf/s208.1.scan.cnf -s output.sdd

where the flag -c is used to specify the filename of the input CNF,
and -s is used to specify the filename of the output SDD.

To see a list of all command line options, run the command:

  bin/sdd-linux -h

The default settings correspond to using (1) a balanced initial vtree,
(see option -t), (2) automatic garbage-collection and minimization
(see option -r).

AUTHORS

The SDD Package was developed by Arthur Choi and Adnan Darwiche, of
the Automated Reasoning Group at the University of California, Los
Angeles.

  http://reasoning.cs.ucla.edu

Feedback, bug reports, and questions can be sent to the email address

  sdd@cs.ucla.edu

